I don't know if it was
fate I don't know how it
happened but I saw a picture of
you and this song was born for
you it was just a matter of time
a walk by the river you left and I
left but I had to call you to
tell you that if you want we can travel the
world you if you want forget about everything if you
prefer every day We start
ours again If you want the la soa I'll
build you a mansion let the walls carry
your color with little Lula just the one from
your
heart tell me if you
[Music]
want lock yourself in me Give me what I
wanted to feel for so long that little shell that
makes me
laugh Give it to me that I give to you because I
know that t t like T T substitute vae
body of yours and as Camilo said that I sing to you Like that like that like that it
was just a matter of time
a walk by the river you left and
I left but I had to call you to
tell you that if you
want I can love you around the world you if you want
Forget about everything if you prefer every day we
start ours again if you want in the other I'll
build you a mansion that  the walls
carry your color with little Moon like the one
from your
heart If you want you if you want if you want to be if you want If you want If you want If you
want it was only a matter of time
a walk by the river you left and I
left but I had to call you to
tell you that if you want I love you all over the
world you if you want forget about everything if you
prefer every day we come back and
start it ours if you want in the te mon
a
mansion turn off the light and let your heart
put the color Tell me if you
want Tell me if you want
you want if you liked the
video Click on and subscribe to our
channel
[Music]
of
what I thought that loving no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and it's that I'm
dying to
have you next to me to invest my life nor
illusion art and
I will win the game the time that was
[Music]
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day  always being able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me [Music] if the world separates I'll stay
with you if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you if you want me to stay I'll stay
with you what do things matter to me and
when I smile I turn around and I
'm with you with
you not to invest my life nor
to get your hopes up and
I'll win the game the time that was
lost I ask you Every day that you are my
day until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day that I always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me pour my life into
getting you excited and I'll
win the game the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day that I always be able to
love you waiting for the
moment Good afternoon Well good
night good night How are my people
how are we let's see I don't know if to put the
spotlight on or not I'm going to
try I don't know if to put the spotlight on let's see
come on go I'll
put it on let's see
no I think we can get by without the spotlight
[Music]
good I think we can get by without the
spotlight is imam  at night It's that I feel
more like being relaxed especially
when I've been recording for a few hours
eh I was live this afternoon
at the canijo and during the day I recorded
several videos I recorded several videos
today yes yes today yes yes
eh we're not going to be too late here okay today yes yes we're
not going to be too late
Here I posted something on Twitter that I'll
talk about in the next few days we'll
probably put it in a Freaky
tuber for that character
but I posted I'm not posting it now
because I just came from the street but
on Twitter I posted it there was a
character who was getting involved insulting well she's
dedicated to harassing on social media not many
people no and suddenly Marta Riesco
posted her photo Look this is the one who messes
with my physique I don't know what to see her no to
the lady no incredible and well they gave
exclusives at one point that this
lady was going to sue Marta Riesco that she was going to
sue her because she had posted her
photo and I said at the time I say let's see let's
go no I can't think of something
with less sense that this lady who is
dedicated to what she is dedicated to in networks is
going to sue anyone because they
post her photos and I was looking today
because I am collecting things because
I am probably going
to sue that woman because there are several spaces with
insults and with things that are
suable And I know I quantify avoid
and it came to my head I say well they
were not giving exclusives at the time and
videos that this lady was going to sue
Marta of course I can't think of anything
else with less sense no that
a lady who is carrying
oxygen with you with your physique eh and
doing what she does on social networks is going to
sue why Because they post your photos
that you yourself published and your name that you
yourself have published the dynamite The
dynamite and that and that you with what
you do on networks messing with people and
the beating that you give to people that
you are going to sue and I said it I say come on
I imagine that it will be a bluff or a
false exclusive I don't say but come on
if she sues she loses the costs she loses the
costs because what's going on is she going to sue
that her face is put
there What's going on is it suable to see her face
eh it is suable and it was a bluff no way I
think it was a bluff I
asked on Twitter I'm going to try to
find out in these days and we'll put it
in the Freaky tubers because there is a lot to
talk about her there is a lot of stuff and stuff what
people do on the networks there is
stuff that Pilar is still around there she is
dedicated to that and her fuel in life is
that insulting people defaming
people but what I'm telling you I mean
when when Marta gets the
lawsuit I'm going to confirm it in these days
and we put it in on a Sunday okay because it
's like oh my God Well I have a clip of
her where she accuses me of
mental illnesses where Well she accuses me of convictions
that I don't have she accuses me of a lot of things
that I haven't done and she's going to have to give
explanations I do sue for real not
bluffing them like
she does Cristina but if it won't serve as
publicity for anything but if it is  that I don't care I don't care what
serves
as advertising and I'm in charge eh I do in
charge and I do in charge I'm not going as a
Farolito let's say it's been a year I
looked well on my Twitter you have it look I
looked I say When was that no And it was
in January in January it was Marta's tweet
in January and it's like Well we're
almost entering January
2024 Where where is that lawsuit it won't
be a bluff no it wouldn't be a bluff no that you can't
sue because the one who is dedicated
to insulting and harassing No well I'm
going to confirm it in these days and I'll
tell you something because cloth cloth the
little folder that I have here compiled of
the things that he says and what they dedicate themselves
to in space cloth And that is not going to go
unpunished but come on no way no
way how the
like Cris are going that gets into friky tuber that
lady is a YouTube collaborator and
many YouTube channels enter that goes for
come on for the Freaky tuers of the
pull And also what is that  Is she here to
talk about anyone Is she here to talk about
anyone no but of course I was hoping to
talk about the subject because of course she
gave exclusives she gave exclusives
saying that she was going to
sue Where is the lawsuit that it's
been a year I think that in a year it will
come to you eh in a year it will come eh
in a year it will come Eh it seems to me that she was
bluffing or that you have consulted and she
told you to stay still better that you
go to the
game you know what nonsense dude is
done
well
hearts let's see
Peppa's pearls and let's react let's see
Peppa's pearl today's planning is going to
be the next one let's see Peppa's
pearls to find out a
little about what went on in today's episode
okay change of mind But why did I
change my mind if I had it very clear
and she gave an exclusive eh I mean it
sounds to me that she gave an exclusive eh And
headlines I'm not going to sue Marta
exclusive lawsuit for Marta risk I
have it there I have it there let's
see today's planning is going to be
today's planning is going to be let's see
Peppa's pearls  Okay, then
we're going to react to some headlines
from an interview that Gustavo
Gonzlez gave on Ricky's Channel. I don't
know him very well. I don't know who he is, but I know that
he's a collaborator of Antonio David. I don't know if
the guy is a journalist or whatever,
but he's bringing back some cool interviews.
Okay, and then we're going to watch
today's episode of Los amantes de
Teruel to see what they said.
Okay, and I don't know if you'll agree
with me, but I'm starting to smell the
whiff of editing here.
[Music]
uh, I'm starting to smell the whiff of
editing totally. Susana, I'm
totally starting to read the whiff of
editing.
Watch out uh watch watch watch to my new outro. Wait wait wait, I'll put it there, uh, I'll
put it there, uh, if you
liked it, I'll
put it there. Watch out for my new outro for
the videos
uh Watch out for my new
outro if you liked the video Hit the
button and subscribe to our
YouTube channel if people don't like this,
I'll  I'm getting off the
boat if people don't like this I'm getting
off the
boat if people don't like this
I'm getting off the boat eh if you
liked the video Hit the button and
subscribe to our YouTube channel
honestly I'm going to subscribe I would
become a member if you liked the video
honestly there would be no other channel to
watch it listen to me eh What else What else What else did we
have today well nothing that's going to be the
plan and I don't want it to be
2 in the morning here
Today I don't want it to be 2 in
the morning here Today How are the members doing How are
the members doing I'm going to update you on
how the members are doing today what I have
n't been able to record was lollipop
but I haven't recorded the lollipop because
at the time that I start recording the
lollipop there wasn't
much there wasn't much
news members the tikitiki Ah we
could substitute it with the
tikitiki it would also be an option to
substitute it with the
tikitiki
1620 this is not
updated because yesterday they gave us 200 and
some members yesterday they were  200 something
members this isn't updated
yet
okay this isn't updated yet We'll
see it later we'll see it okay
man I don't think so I think telesalseo doesn't
reach 2000 members today you
can't change the order please no
Why Rosaca why would I change the
order why would I change the
order tiki tiki is tiring but
why is that one let's see let's see let's see
Helenia is legendary already from the Channel too
no I need to find something eh legendary from
television and from the heart
to replace the tikitiki this no this
This is to put it maybe at the end
of the video or something
like that Well I'm going to watch
Peppa's pearls then we'll watch
Gustavo Gonzlez's interview and then we'll watch
today's episode of Los amantes de
Teruel which besides it's 11 we still have
for a while a to what
the other one is saying no but well to me the
atmosphere already
smells like a montajo eh To me the
atmosphere already smells like a
montajo I don't know how you see it but
to me the atmosphere already smells a little bit
a montage a total montage eh I think
that despite the things that are
coming out being true, the thing about this
cancer thing that came out. By the way, a
question, a
question, it's Thursday,
Thursday has already ended, as they say, has he
already given explanations about the
cancer association? Has he already given the
explanation because of course about the priest, about the
parish priest, he has gone to the
parish priest, he has gone to the parish priest and and he has given him the
other one's phone number and they have already
clarified it? So he's not going to clarify the other thing
that came
before But how? Neither are these nor are
they expected yet. We
're waiting to see if he has already given
explanations about the
parish priest, the cancer association
came before, no, what has he done? [ __ ], it's going to be
two weeks since it
came out. But why isn't Carmen going to give them?
Why do you think she's not going to
give them? But I don't understand, I don't understand
why she's not going to
give them? A thick veil. But well, a thick
veil, this has to be recorded every day.
So no. Let's see, let's see, it sounds to me
like she said, it sounds to me
like she said  that she wasn't going to stop every
day until we asked her for forgiveness
for what happened to Pilar okay then she already
admitted yesterday It's good that she does
make fun of the waxing But then now I
say Well now we who
are donors to that cause Okay and
we take the causes very seriously
now we are going to remind her every day
that she has to give explanations
for
that and she has to ask for forgiveness too no
or what Or
no I am going to remind her every
day the truth so that she doesn't
forget again she has a very bad memory
damn look at what a bad memory she has that she
forgot to donate the money for 6 months
the poor thing was there with the money in her
pocket and it weighed on her And what bothers me
what bothers me is that the 240 bucks are
not
mine she says that she is not going to waste time
denying lies about her But
well let's see but about the priest
but about the priest she denied it the
next morning let's see I understand that this I
understand that this she
forgot to give the  explanations I
understand that if we remind her every
day on Twitter, Instagram and
YouTube, yes, yes, we remind her every
day, she will surely explain it. Let's see, in the
end, it's money that isn't hers and she has to
justify it and she
has to explain it, of course,
okay. I'm not very sure about the priest.
Well, let's see, what I think is that, look, they
are people who have no scruples, no
shame or anything, so what I
think is this is my theory, eh. I don't know if I'm
right, I'm not putting my hand in the
fire for my theory either, eh. I say this so that
if over time it doesn't come true, don't tell me
Javi. Well, this time she's not right, I'm not
telling you more or less what I
believe. I believe that the things that are being
exposed by one another, about
asking for a bottle of water, eh,
with the photo, not about this association
against cancer, all of this are coming
out as things that are true. I mean, in the
end, they are not inventions or part of the
theater, but even though they are things that
are true, the things that they are
saying to each other, yes  I
think they're putting on a show and putting on
a show that they're fighting
to
get viewers, I mean, in the end they don't care
that people are
messing with them, that they're looking
bad, with, with these issues about
money, they don't care
what matters to them is having an audience,
which is what they
were looking for, [ __ ] Raquel, I have it
muted why? I have it
muted because yesterday at the last
minute
sil Sorry, I'll put it on again
okay I'm sorry Francisco Javier Oliveira
Tomorrow I don't work so today's great
live if you don't
want to be lied to Francisco
Javier That's great eh That
's great, man, the
sentence reader Where's the
video The reader, each one is so
peculiar,
right, the sentence reader,
a kiss Sara Luca,
gorgeous, the sentence reader who
is very aware of against
insults, okay, the sentence reader
announces trials who also dedicates herself to
announcing trials so that we don't miss
anyone's trial, dude, at 12
at night my birthday starts if you don't
congratulate me, I'll leave  laind car
revolvi reco that an hour passes me
by laughing car revolving with laughter
Remind me what in an hour passes me by
the reader of Sentence who is very
aware of the insults What happens is that
sometimes she forgets okay, I mean,
she finds it serious the people
who insult in 2020, 2019 and 2017 okay
but about the insults this week I do
n't think she's going to say anything eh
ehu recognized in a
video no that This is not that this is the one in which she
defends Win michu from the
bottle and says that insults
are worse than bottles that a
hard insult can be a hard insult
eh I also tell you, let's see, the one I wanted to
put
was the one I wanted to put was this Lerdo and
since it's my you are a fool and a Lerdo
and since it's my channel I'm going to say it and from
my point of view and my opinion this is
being a son of a [ __ ],
what an illiterate like this son of a
hospital this son of a hospital you are
rats
rats a very beautiful animal
South American scum but since people are
[ __ ] I have never played and I will never
play with anyone's mental health,
vajuna with the words that we have
heard from this son of a hospital it is my
opinion I think that this is being a
very son of a [ __ ] person It is an opinion
eh But it does not occur to me to call anyone
son of a [ __ ] and since it is my I am going to
say it and from my point of view and my
opinion this is being a son of a [ __ ]
many subnormal people subnormal
Mental Health of course I do not know Ju okay Ah
yes a rat you are a real rat you are rats rats
and because they made me withdraw the other
word okay And I would tell you many
more things that it is the first time I say it
illiterate okay Slow and clumsy so much
the agad a lot you
understand it okay
low Because you are a real
sewer rat okay a real rat okay okay
Well for me that they violate my honor the
truth is not funny at all But
well and more with insults and more with
insults of course come on you will forgive me
eh
eh  You'll forgive me but when they
violate my honor and on top of that with insults
eh we're going to be a thousand times worse than a bottle
where are we going to end up Oh Peppa's pearls
that I was going to see her okay
Peppa's pearls will you forgive me eh You'll forgive me will
you forgive me but it
seems very wrong to me that people insult Eh
Unless it's unless it's me who
insults
okay today in
Peppa's pearls my lies to stay alive
broadcasting
and she starts singing me a song that makes
my nipples stand up
and I start Uy uy uy but this but this
lady Why does she do those things and says
those things
man Uy uy uy uy uy uy uy u
Uy but you think A 70
year old lady what is it that then says No Javi Don't
say your age man it's that I can't
imagine my grandmother saying my
nipples stand up man it's that now
the offended ones will come it's not that Hey
Javier what did you laugh at  the photo hey
excuse me I'm not laughing at the photo
I'm seeing here a lady who's going on
70 saying that her nipples stand
up man if you see it
well if you see it well Of course
Turn it off and let's go in
front of
her I am the grin of Javier Oliveira
Yes the Green What is the Green it's not pass
the
switches the the gren what is it why do you
say it's a Grill of mine but what does that
mean lo s
Ah The Grinch The Grinch The Grinch okay okay
okay look here Angel whenever you
want Angel come in come in eh to the
breaded How beautiful
No
love Mara
Love all what a little character no Angel it's
that you don't have a neck and he has a neck
that's up to there we can read look Look at
my neck Look how beautiful Look look at what a
neck this is a piece happens that
mine is wide and clear and I also have
this here well with muscle And then of
course this is what happens when there is a
little bit of exercise not when there is
giraffe neck but let's see but but no these
people hadn't been offended that
others were messing with him  her physique
because now they call someone
giraffe neck neck who have they called
giraffe neck already clarified no today was
yesterday yesterday but of course I was
watching it I already knew about de buatista
because I know Father Pedro come on
In fact I have been his monkey here
yillo no no I didn't see it coming I didn't see that one coming
eh I didn't see that one coming How come How come he
's an Altar Boy
that people like to see the morbid
like how they skin people in a
brutal way like how they make history
and they do that I
certainly don't think I'm going to watch
those channels
come on that's what she tried What
happens is that it didn't work out for her whether it's the climber
by the time she got the audience it's
already been in her own gossip I mean she's been
trying to do it for a [ __ ] year
talking about others and to get
eh You have to be cynical you have to be cynical
to get an audience it's been now
because people are eager to see
how you're skinning each
other bringing out things that are true that
if she didn't make this donation that if the
other one didn't either as a
huge kiss a huge kiss eh I'm going to
wait a while to say it again
okay but really I
have to update the members bar I think there are
like 1800 and something Hey please
please today there were offended people on
Twitter because I was asking you for a
member I'm going to ask you again so that they get
offended today too and release a clip
but don't stop talking about me Aren't you
ashamed that telesalseo doesn't reach 2000
members that every day we stay
at the doors of
2000 man I think look there are 700
likes missing 1000 likes missing 1000
likes and that's free and then the member issue
man man who climbs I think he
has more No
man if they give away five
site members each we'll reach 2000 or 3000
members
kid it gives me the creeps that Tereso doesn't
arrive What are you talking about culture
totally they've been Peppa This was the
live I'm talking to myself
where did she go This is what  contains
her live show from today put me down Peppa
If you can hear me and you can go I'm going
but this is what today's live show contains we
wait and
see okay Okay now we'll see the summary
of the best moments now we'll see the
summary of the best moments
Okay, well my
beautiful Isa, well my beautiful Isa who has
given away five members five members
arms of our
Isa a kiss
queen five members each and we've reached at
least 2000 if
everyone did it we would reach 5000
But anyway come on, let's give it up for she has
spoken badly of you and has manipulated what you
said to Oh well now we'll see it
next I'm going to watch Gustavo's interview
okay I'm going to watch Gustavo's interview
what I don't know if I can put it on
screen Candela has also given away
five members a kiss Candela
beautiful I'm going to put it here a little
smaller so we can see Gustavo
okay Okay family, well this is an
interview that Gustavo Gonzlez did
on Ricky's Channel if you can put me
in the chat  uh the kid's name
because his name is
Ricky Ricky something else he's a kid who
collaborates with Antonio David okay he has a
small channel that is just starting I don't know
if he's a journalist or something like that boy
because the truth is that he is bringing some
pretty cool interviews today I was
commenting today I was commenting on one
of the videos that I recorded that I don't know
if it's published yet or not an
interview that he did with
Queen Letizia's niece uh arde Troya
member of the Channel welcome ard Troya
Thank you very much for your membership let's see if
you stop by and give away a few members
sites you okay I'm seeing around
here that
our paau Pau has also given away members paau Pao has given away 20 members
uh paau paau has given away 20 members
Thank you very much Pau Rafael
has given away other c Thank you
very much Thank you very much he's a journalist Ah He's a
journalist Well nothing if you could put
the channel there the name of the Channel
so that people know When they see
this excerpt and well well that just became a
member yesterday yesterday
Lolera became a member, all that's missing is Beltram the climber
and now we have all the
collaborators from Los Freaky, they're
looking to annoy, it's
Arde Troya's turn to become a member. Well, let's watch this
interview in which Gustavo Gonzlez
talks about the deluxe operation of the closing
of Slvame, he talks about several
interesting things. So let's listen to it because I
really want to see it because I
also saw that the
guy was complaining because there were
people who stole the
content of the interview or had been
commenting on the headlines of the
interview without giving him credit. But well,
I imagine that it will be the
usual channels that do those practices. Okay, a
kiss to all of you who are making
members of the channel. Okay, a kiss to everyone. I
'm very happy because I like
television, I like journalism and I've been
able to do journalism in Salvame, but I
always had, I never
felt like I took it as a job. I
remember a complicated time when I
separated from my ex-
wife. I wanted to ask you, for example,
what is that day like when you take
Salvame and they tell you Gustavo, from today
we're going to
skin you, it's not  that's not how it is No but
look it's not like that either I don't go I don't I
knew where she worked In fact I think it's
not like that and you can set limits
and I set them for many years a long
time when people talked about my private life
and I uh I set a red line that when
when I separated uh you can set
the red line like Gema does for
example Gema in that sense uh having been
on Slvame for many years even so she has
known how to take care of her privacy which is
complicated eh Gemal Lope I opened it in
some way I don't blame anyone I don't
blame the program and it's not that you're saying they're
going to flay you they opened it and she's
a woman to earn more money and the reality shows too of course what happens is that you knew it was a program uh that was very dynamic and that it reinvented itself on many occasions and that uh it was reborn from its ashes and that it was known to be reinvented and there was a stage in which they discovered
that uh the real characters were
the collaborators it's not that they said
let's let's flay but it's
true  that there were no limits It's
true that if eh there was a character
when a a person a collaborator
a journalist became a character
and I assume that I became a character
for eh Well a year a year and a half of
my professional life eh well there were no
limits because when
the audience worked like that happened like that happened well there were
no limits it's not that they
said let's skin us I'm
not going to blame anyone nor do I have or
hold a grudge against anyone really because
eh I assumed that the program was like that
the program when the
audience worked and when
eh When there was some aspect of the life
of one of the collaborators that
worked well you knew that when they left it was
going to be prolonged until the
audience told you enough it wasn't like that
but it's not like that they are going to it
's eh optional to enter the game or not of
course I mean if something works and it's
getting an audience it's clear that the
program eh is going to exploit it we
do it here too with all the
topics with all the topics when there is a
topic that is getting an audience we
exploit it to the maximum until people
already burnt and on to the next topic that is like that
is what business is
basically about and especially if you are in the
entertainment world Well it's about
that if you have a fruit shop then you
sell melons and when it's
melon season and they sell a lot then you bring
more melons for the people not in this What do
you have gossip okay this topic
is giving full audience until
the people burn down yes we have to differentiate
between colleagues and friends I knew that
my friends were not there I remember
that stage in which I said we are your
friends because they said that Maria
was cheating on me and if I left she was going to leave me
in the lurch and like Then I said
we are your true friends and
when I left you here we will be I was
clear that my friends were the usual ones
my friends from the institute of my youth
and and there are some colleagues that I did
think that there was a certain friendship and
then I was disappointed to see a kiss tet
TT has given away another five members
come on family that can reach
2000 today eh that can reach
2000 members today here  Well, he was just
another colleague and yes, it's
true that there were some who
were less considerate and that was
obviously my case, I have
to say that too. I don't have it, I'm not going to keep
quiet about anything. But also, I said it
at the time and yes, with me there was, well, quite a lot of
cruelty and quite a lot of bad luck. I
set my limits as well and there came a
time when I quit, I said I'm not going to talk
anymore, I set red lines, I said that he
talked to us about my children, he talked to us about my wife
and that, well, eh. I'm glad that it was
possible, that I know that I was able to protect them
because what colleagues would you say? They have
failed me and they have defended me without
me, I hope because sometimes we are surprised by
people who we think are going to give us
a lot because it has happened to me when I have been up
to the plate, the truth is that I think that
some are going to give me a lot and they are the ones who
defend me the most, you know, it happens, you know what
happens, I have not been disappointed. Look, I am
not disappointed here, you know that they are not
your friends. No, it can't happen to me, I am not going
to put you down. Not for nothing because it's just that it makes no difference to me, you
know, eh  I had my former
colleagues from Salvame eh Sorry Where
's heart That we were a group that
look in the end the five of us the five
collaborators ended up working in
Sal eh And I did feel that there was a
certain friendship
eh there was a misunderstanding with Gemal
Lpez whom I love very much and admire
and and that we stopped talking to each other Well she
withdrew she stopped speaking to me despite that I would
like to think that she still
appreciates me I appreciate her very much eh
with Mara Patio yes I am a little bit fond of
But it's okay and the rest
look with Antonio Montero he is like my
brother Antonio Montero is much more than
a colleague he is a good friend Cochelo I
also have a very good relationship and another
person who I have a lot of affection for that
I have known for many years and I still have a
relationship with her is with
Lidia Lozano and then there is someone like
love that seems like a gentleman to me, I think she is a
gentleman and and little more, little more I can
tell you about those who were in Salvame I am not
going to say anything negative about them
because I could tell you K Nandez Cor
Nandez has known how to do  his work has
been a person who did that job and
very well and that I do not hold affection for him
but neither do I hold a
grudge I do not hold affection but neither do I hold a
grudge against Kiko Hernandez eh or so
eh And he said it with prudence I
translate that to that things got bad eh I
do not hold affection for him but neither do I hold a grudge
there you go interpret it as you
see there nandez has known how to do his
job he has been a person who did
that job and very well and that eh I do not
hold affection for him but neither do I hold a grudge
Thank you TT Look there Raquel appears
also I would say Alberto Diaz bighead and
David valde pedas What is the first thing that
comes to mind or what would you say to me
what would you say to me look They are eh nobody
can deny it people with a lot of talent
in television but to me personally
But also the thing is that I tell you because I do not
have I am the antithesis of pelota I
eh with Alberto and with David de
peras I never had a relationship neither of
friendship nor even remotely I think they were
from my point of view eh  obviously
they were very unfair to me because he says
says Angel nif fa I have not understood it
as a nifu fa eh I have understood it
as a bad vibe I have understood it
as a bad vibe a round of applause for
Raquel Maruenda who has given us
another five members but Sisuka I
'm watching her from here who has just
given away another 10 family Will we be
able to get there today Francisco Javier Will we be
able to reach 2000
members today is it possible today or are we
going to leave more space for telesalseo
on television it is not appreciated at all but
if you try a little bit of memory it has been a while
look how curious exactly 6 years the
program salvame had an
expiration date And suddenly a journalist a
reporter a low profile collaborator
like me who had not exposed
his private life at any time
separated five more members and the program
a round of applause to all those who are
giving away members eh a round of applause to everyone
eh lang who said the audiences were
very low for a long time and there
was no way to raise it and with my
separation  and my relationship with Maria they
recognized that the program had a
second chance
damn you guys knew that so the
program was in a serious audience crisis
that we would have to see what the crisis was
because Claro back then a
crisis was what is now a triumph
Maybe they are talking about a
serious crisis an 11 what now they are fighting
to have an 11 eh And they lifted it
thanks to when they had the controversy
Maria the stone no Maria the stone was
no
and and he had I assure you that it had an
expiration date in fact Maria Maria
Pascual my wife worked at
butterfly hunting they were also going to close
butterfly hunting and she renewed thanks to our
history J The butterfly hunting eh Joe
Hunter just gave away 10
family members Joe Hunter just gave away
another
10 will it be that today We are celebrating that we
reached 2000
members will it be that today I am putting
my picture on Twitter boom finally 2000
well 2000 if you want 3000 eh
you want there are 3000 here  1700
people
already about the socialite and Maria
Patio I have my doubts about where it's going to
come from because Maria Patio is trying to
give the
impression that there's something we do
n't know yet that's going to give us a sting
eh then they'll bust you Oh Jose Luis I haven't
told that now I'm going to tell it I told it
in the canijo But now we'll
tell it here now we'll tell it here
eh I'm recording the extract
okay it turns out that Maria patio is like
dropping hints like she's going to give a sting
that's going to surprise everyone and and
pretending I think that's because of
putting on a shell that's a way of
putting on a shell and and not looking so bad
no because in the end Antonio David is
winning all the lawsuits they
are losing them eh It's not that
Slvame is out of Tele5 it's that the
factory of the TV is out of Tele5 it's
that Maria patio is out of Tele5 and
then as a shell she's saying
something like Well you'll see what's going to
happen in January So I want to wait
because I can't get ahead of
something that I don't know Hey look  the same and yes the
same are they going to hire her again in
some other program or does she have some
surprise but the thing is that I have my doubts
about that because Mara
Patio is a big liar that was never
acknowledged nor is that an option Lady
That yes I see it I see it as quite possible
that it will be Slvame on the other
platform and that she will be the
presenter with Jorge eh our story was stretched out our
story was stretched out much
further than I would have
liked Because in addition things were brought out
that were uncertain if not I have no
problem saying it because I have
said it on the program to
slander me they told me things that
were not reality that were not true and and it did not matter it did not
matter because it worked eh That is why I
tell you that as professional
directors you can say that they are good
professionals because they have carried out a
successful program for a long time and
but as people I cannot say they are
good people but I also tell you what I was
saying a while ago I was not going to
look for friends or enemies there
obviously but it is true that I
think that with me eh they did not recognize or
remember or were grateful  And how
was
your How was it because suddenly they did
n't renew me directly but it
's true that I had one already
when they close Slvame he has
n't been on Slvame for a while there came a
time when his
contract was up they simply stopped
calling him I mean they didn't give him any kind of
explanation or anything about the contract and when
the Lu operation thing exploded eh they
stopped taking me I think there was also
an order from Mediaset or a lot of
fear or whatever and I stopped
appearing it's funny because I have
no problem talking about the issue of
the
light option but but I want to say that of those of us who are
accused there the only one who
stopped appearing on screen was
me of course eh Because the others are like
anonymous not of those who were accused
The only one they stop putting in front
of the camera is him well the only one they
fire is him Let's see the rest
of the accused are not in front of the
cameras no Who were accused in
the light operation the policeman that
's the one who's going to pay because  I still
say that for the TV factory
and for Gustavo I have my doubts but I do
n't think it's going to be much of a reproach either. I
think they won't have a criminal reproach,
man. I think that the crime is committed by
the police. I think that the crime of
revealing secrets is committed by the
police and in any case by the production company. In
any case, the program,
eh, civilly, something civil and in
many years, well, something civil. No,
because yes, they haven't sued him through
civil means and only
the criminal offense is being pursued, they
can no longer sue him. We're talking about 2018,
eh. They can't sue him civilly anymore,
the statute of limitations has passed. In other
words, they won't have any reproaches. My
bet is, okay. And when the issue is over,
which will be many years away, but if
there's anyone who's still around here,
remember it. eh, I think he won't
have anything. I've been saying it for a long
time, eh, it's ugly, it's criticizable, no, I do
n't take it back, eh, I mean, I don't
take back the criticisms I've made of
Lu's operation and those involved, but  It's that
criminally not criminally For me the one
who commits the crime there is the policeman
the others take advantage of the crime that
the policeman commits and in any case they can
violate some privacy honor but not
criminal the accused Who were the
accused were the policeman Gustavo and I think the
directors and editors So that
is in front of the camera
only Gustavo and it is the name as if it
was more related to the issue of the
lux operation Of course they take you away from in
front of the camera those who are
behind the cameras so they are going to
fire him if nobody is going to know they
take you away so that your face is not seen
there and so on no but well what are you
going to do and the but for example you
felt like at that
moment you had eaten the whole
brown no of because there is
a lot of talk especially about the
Luna deux option been talking about everything
Suddenly there were 200 affected suddenly
cl that is another story I have been silent and I
will continue to be silent eh Because I am
very logically I cannot tell you that
I am calm because it is a serious thing
but I assure you that my conscience is
clear and I hope that when
the whole truth is known, the whole truth will come out
and above all, I have written down many
names, many links, many eh, many
articles that I'm too lazy to send
but I'll do it anyway because there has been
slander, there has been bloating, there has been lying,
eh And well, I suppose that Salvame and the
production company of the TV factory
had many enemies And well, there were
many people, eh, quote
unquote journalists, quote unquote eh colleagues
who were very keen on the production company, they were very keen on
the program and and they
said some awful things There was a lot of fear, a lot of
fear Noa ser you already saw what was
said and but there were even many people there were
many people who worked at Tele5
and who worked there and and who
were already charged, there was already the whole thing
about the operation of light, there was
already let's see what happens is that in
the media the issue of the operation
of lux I would say that it came out last year I
think it was but in reality The case is
from
2018 and they talked about it on Salvame itself
but let's go the issue of the operation  of
light the plot light operation was already
known in 2018 and it was already there and there were
people who worked at Tele5 at that time
and didn't mind working at
Tele5 and then suddenly when they
left Tele5 the light operation
my goodness Tele5 should be shut down you
know within the program itself I
felt like an outcast there were colleagues
who looked at me and I
said as if it were eh I don't know they
already condemned me you know So for me it
was disappointing and I'm going to admit
that it was aggressive because and there was a moment
when I said this is an outrage what is
being said about something that is still
journalism trust me today we are
seeing
Dani
Alves' statements have come to light Cristo's background is being raised
This is what I have said let's
see the journalist has the right to
information okay another thing is that they
abuse it and cross the line of
things that are not newsworthy for
example to me the news that Kiko
Hernndez gave that Chabelita had gone to the
hospital because she had bled and that they
had the medical report that does not
seem newsworthy to me  okay But the
journalist has the right not to
reveal his sources, not to reveal how he
obtained the information, it's the
police who leak it to him, people at the
hospital and that's how it is. The one who commits the
crime is the one at the hospital, the police who
get caught. Okay, and it depends and it depends. To
what extent, it depends a lot on the severity
for that to have a
criminal consequence, in other words, there will be no criminal retribution
for Gustavo or for Tere's factory, there wo
n't be, there won't be it, it's a
scandal, it's an outrage.
Thank you, Pilar, gorgeous, a kiss, darling,
that's daily, but because this is
journalism, it's journalism, it wouldn't exist,
otherwise investigative journalism wouldn't exist, because the
news wouldn't exist because how many times have we
seen
people being scandalized now when the Daniel Sancho video was leaked,
the reconstruction, and it's
like, but how many times have
we seen the reconstruction of
Marta del Castillo's case, of all the
cases that are in the media. I mean, that's how it's
always been. That's how it's
always been and depending on whether it violates
someone's privacy, well, it will have a
reproach or not but let's go it is a
public ridicule because eh I think it is
newsworthy of course here the issue is the
file for example of Jos Fernando but
that is no longer within the case of the
light operation because that was already
prescribed when they started the
investigation there are things that have
crossed the truth a little there what
happens to them what they do and that is nothing
else the operation of Lu It is not something else it is
an issue in which eh
a line is established between the right to
information and eh In this case the
revelation of secrets But by that
rule of three every time a journalist
on a morning program on anena on
tele5 on Spanish television or on a
news program or in any magazine
any specialized journalist that there are
many truth that they have their sources
say according to my Sources such then there
we are going to open another operation x operation
Pepito operation is that how
a ration works and that's it then eh it seems
that there was a lot of fear and and I left I left
half set clear the problem that has been
talked about a lot is like that
eh it is like that eh Suddenly there were 200
affected on the 17th that if
a policeman had been paid, that if I don't know what, of course, these are
things that If people don't
say, it's not that they say, it's that they
have been affirmed, it has been talked about in some,
well, in many digital newspapers in
supposedly serious newspapers in the serious press, there has been talk
of a criminal organization, there has been
talk of extortion, there has been talk of
bribery, it's not that the word
criminal organization, apparently
a judge said it in one of the orders,
Rosario
Moedano said that and here what is clear and
patent is that at most it is
serious too, eh There is a revelation of
secrets, okay And bribery is that it
was also something that is being
investigated at the beginning what happens is that
bribery has been ruled out But of course
at the time they asked themselves if it could have
existed what happens is that it was
ruled out What does my say, eh By the way, the
crime just gave away another five
members I'm already taking off my shirt I'm already
taking off my shirt What does my
alanne
pi say Mia
Mia just shared do you remember
the prosecutor who is not a prosecutor  the prosecutor who is
not a prosecutor just shared
this photo of
me saying that I'm very ugly you all
see me ugly in this photo you think I
'm ugly in this photo does anyone really
think so well the one who invents a
parallel life that is not hers and says
that the prosecutor says this one can mock and
make fun of someone surely has
worse shots without filters it's scary and if you
look closely the pupils don't speak they sing well
lady I'm waking up this
morning this I think is at the Well after
two days I think it's from the
hair implant and Well I don't know if you know what
a hair implant is because I do
n't think you've had one but the
hair implant what you have is you
spend a week with a purple face
while you look like a newsboy okay
and man says that I'm ugly without a filter
I never use filters I'm in
front of a camera in which let's see I
sometimes put on filters but I
put on a banana filter other times I
put on a filter with the Pink Cowboy hat
another time I put on a crab Those
are the filters that I put on  Let's see if
you think that I'm putting on
Mart Riesco filters here but my pupils have just
woken up and I'm without
contact lenses and I'm sitting on the bathroom.
Also, I think, uh, so sitting there on
the bathroom without contact lenses if someone doesn't come
and give me the glasses, I'll stay there until 8
in the evening. I'll tell you, Marianela, that's
nothing, daughter. What can I tell you? Well, it seems to me to be
one of my best photos, the
truth is, it seems to me to be one of my best
photos. I don't know who has a problem with
these
photos.
Well, I see it, well, I see it well, the
most common truth in journalism because,
I insist, there is a very fine line between the
right to information and in this case,
well, aspects of it can be daring,
no, and that can be
complicated, and I know that
many outrageous things have been said, but you said it before, I'm
not going to spoil how things have been
done because I think my lawyer is
doing a very good job and it will become
clear, but uh, but in fact, there
has been talk here of 200 people being harmed. And you
have to know.  Who are the
victims and how have they been
harmed and if what has been said and what
has been talked about on a program like
Slvame is a crime or is it the right to
information? Of course, the police
started calling all
those affected, those who that police officer
had ever put in their
police files, eh police files or
files of whatever, no yes
police files, I don't know if the police have
access to anything
else then Of course, for example, you call
Paula Echevarra, who I think was one
of the people affected, and she says, look,
Paula, they've come in here to look at your
file and she says, Paula, well, they must have
found some [ __ ] [ __ ] because I
have nothing to hide and I'm not into anything
bad, okay, out with that, why are you going to file a complaint
if there's nothing on you? You know, why are you going to
harm me? I work at Tele5 or they
give you more positions at Tele5,
and
basically, it basically goes that way, they
throw them away. In the end, they have to do with who
has crossed the line, of all those
people they have
investigated, that's what needs to be
assessed.  and since the judges say whatever, I will
assume what I have to
assume, but there has been slander,
atrocities have been said, they have said about
me, about my millionaire salary, I was my
leista in Salvame, I don't mind saying it,
well, I don't mind saying it, it's not like
that, I had a salary like
any collaborator, I was paid for each
program that I did and if I went one day a
week, well, my salary was not humble
because I have to say that the people
who work in television are or have
been privileged, in my case, I am a
journalist and I like, I like to
work, to develop my profession
in what I have studied, in what I
have trained for and I have liked to
work in all the programs in which I have
collaborated. And of course in
Salvame, but atrocities have been said, in other words, I have been
slandered and that's it. What are
we going to do, well, we
know. Suddenly there were 200 affected on
the 17th, that if a
policeman had been paid, that if I don't know what, of course, these are things
that if people read, it's not that they say, it's
not that they say, it's that they  they have
stated it has been talked about in some uh
well in many digital newspapers in
supposedly serious newspapers of serious press it has been
talked about criminal organization it has been
talked about these This is the
same little for everything to be solved or
even this I saw a lot left in plan that
time instruction I think I think by the
end of the year it will already be uh I think there will be well
I suppose that
the process is transformed and already the
prosecutor's office what it asks for yes it requests whatever it
is if it requests whatever if compensation jail or whatever no but
one thing is what
the prosecutor requests and another thing uh is what
this ends up in no because then you have to
defend yourself obviously well the issue of what
the prosecutor asks for is then very
different from what can happen I think
that there is no I mean I have not seen a single case
or almost none of a prosecutor asking for
something in a trial or in a case where
the sentence is then carried out I have seen some
barbarity from some Prosecutors Look
talking about Prosecutors talking about
Prosecutors uh well the other day I saw a
trial where the prosecutor said a series of
barbarities uh clinging to a
testimony or I mean because Besides he
says it no  when he says it he says man it's that
according to the witness this and that and the
witness had made a false testimony
but of course to the level that he has a
problem okay prosecutors normally
tend to ask for a lot more or they tend to be a
lot tougher you know so of
course it's very likely that now when
the prosecutor says come on then trial will open
28 years in prison for Gustavo you
understand and then maybe well no that I
think that something realistic is that
nothing is going to happen to them and Look what I'm
telling you that I think that the police in the end and
this maybe is imagining too much
and speculating too much
but I think that nothing is going to happen to the police either
because the crime of revealing a
secret is a crime in which the
victim can forgive you if you want the
victim wants for example Roso Carrasco
remember No that the trial
of these people has already arrived Who investigated her
case put in her gender violence file
and she said No, I don't want it, I don't
want them to be convicted I mean if the
victim decides not to condemn you you are not
convicted if the victim forgives you
Okay what is  what happens well in this
case eh When the trial comes the day it comes
eh And if they condemn the
police officer of course eh When they see the
victims no imagine the victims who
only condemn the police officer a
70 year old man eh who is no longer a
police officer or anything and what they
wanted was not for the police officer to be condemned
his story was against Slvame to
later negotiate positions on television or to
later negotiate contracts or to screw around and get
revenge not revenge on Slvame they don't
want the police officer condemned the
police officer in the fight So I think that
in the end we'll see if they even
forgive him and prove the truth here
I'm not telling you but I here there are many
people who know me especially for
having participated in
Antonio David's Channel not because Thanks to him
well they also knew me from YouTube and they
are asking me a lot what is
your opinion on the docuseries eh
documentary eh that they released about Roco
Carrasco even though yesterday
the case for abuse was definitively filed
but nobody that nobody has  neither nor
well they haven't said
anything qu What opinion do I think the
opinion is the stable let's say the I said it
the first day eh after the first
chapter and Carlota Correra took
the word away from me because uh the first thing I
said is that Anony Avid could be liked or
disliked, he could be whatever, but he
certainly didn't have a conviction for abuse
and I said after that first program, which
was brutal, that we were commenting
that Aon Avid could not leave his
house because he had been labeled with one
of the
eh with one of the crimes, one of the
worst qualifiers that can exist, no,
and in that case, well, I defended that
Antonio could not be labeled
eh It's not that I say it now, I said it
then after that first
program and I think it has meant it to me on
several occasions So it's true that there
are some things in which I have felt
very disappointed with Antonio David,
I can say Antonio David eh I don't like him
or he has done this Or he will be, you can
call him whatever, but not an abuser,
abuser, no because there is no
sentence but it's that there is not a
lawsuit and conditions  no we always
said it but well why hasn't he
sued him where were these witnesses
who appeared and then they didn't have any weight
so I may think he's a good or bad
person but of course eh To me it
seemed like a real outrage that
cus but I say it now and I
always said yes no And above all
that
po
po Well I agree with Gustavo on
some things eh I agree with Gustavo
on some things How are my people We're
still here we'll see about the climb we'll
go what we do we'll
see about Los amantes de
Teruel or we'll
go see you today I see you very today I see you
very subdued very calm very chill very I
mean no We've reached 1000
likes three likes missing to reach
1000 likes having almost 2000
people here 78 members we have been
live so far and We've been here for an hour and
we're almost 2000 people almost 2000
people so what have you been we've already been 2000
members so far tonight that this
tel salseo eh that  this is not the
beret channel that this tel salseo gentlemen
Look you know what's
going on bun bun is there someone I think it
's someone from another channel that I was
commenting on in the canijo that has been made
like
an
account is that no Loy again no I have already
told it in the canijo Why am I going to
tell it again Ah that happened let's go to the
bun or
not it's that it's a little
XD It's that it's a little XD it was a guy from
another channel it was a guy from the other channel who
was criticizing me because I ask for
members and it's like well let's see but if it's
look sisuka other 20 members a
kiss sisuka very pretty did you
see it Pepi says Pepi Ortega I saw it Yes
yes it was like she cuts a clip of
mine cuts a clip of mine from yesterday where I
am criticizing the climber because she came
here and she would come in the afternoons before
me to ask for vison and super chat before
I did live no And then
yesterday talking to alne she said man that
this is a way to take things from
telesalseo of course to take donations from me
to telesalseo Of course but that's how it is I
mean I'm not asking for
explanations for the donations they
make to Rubius, Jo juuan or other
people who have their community, that is, what
I'm denouncing is that in
fact I said that I didn't care in
quotes Okay now I don't care
because he's a person who has
shown how he is but what I said
was man, well it doesn't seem very logical to me
that a person comes to promote himself on
my channel and then tries to get
people there okay And he takes the clip
out of context as if he were saying
something cancelable or something like that it's
like let's see it's what there is I mean
without going any further it's like that and
then there's like a certain anger with
telesalseo today because of that issue
man I didn't see the crocodile JJ because we already
see it here at
night
here we see it here the summary let's see
with how many members do you think
we would give a
sasca to these
people because of course let's see I'm going to
look for
something there was
one of the cli
Look there was one of the click says
Maleficent  5000 but 5000 I don't think
people will be able to get to see let's see
there was one of the clicks that I gave him
and he got offended because I was asking for members in
exchange for exclusives
exclusives in exchange for members on the
jav
oliveira Channel But how can people give
members to the evil jav oliveira
So I think that in order for them to take us out
tomorrow people pay for memberships Look
people pay for members we have
minutes Look look look look
44 people have paid for
memberships
like a big bombshell my goodness man and
whoever did this started
editing this little video to put the
text in and everything
hasn't totally discovered penicillin
no no but this is an account
that's going to end Javier oliveira
Javier oliveira I'm going for 145 and you're a
liar With how many members do you think we would
give him a Sas to get us
out tonight there and dig look look at
me they
gave him With how many members How many
members do you think he would be able to
reach tes salseo
tonight the lan is not here he's gone
Francisco
Javier says  p
berlanga seems logical 2500
realistic Yes yes yes I see it
well it says tesa 3000 renewing every month
well as for already renewing tesa that is
more
relative but 2500 I see it quite
realistic eh 200500 giving one to each
person who is here we arrive in a PP
plan I don't have any desire to read but they have
sent me something they have
sent something And the truth is that I have to
share it with you
because if not let's see what I do what I do let's
see clearly and if not what I do it says
exactly what she is going to do work Peppa
sent me something that I have to
share with you because if not what I do
clear exactly what does she do work
Search content make newscasts make
live news
well come on 2500 But well come on let's see
if we are capable at the moment In this
live
we have
98 memberships eh 98 new members
we have in this live I think at
2000 yes We have reached eh What happens is that it does
not appear updated to me it
tells me that we have
1620 but 1620 are not because yesterday
they gave away like 200 Roman a kiss
handsome I think that I think that the
reality
is if not We have reached 2000 almost almost
eh if not We have reached
2000 Almost almost we
talked about the greens the
Christmas greens and I just found out that I am
the greens of J del gindy gr but the
Grinch Why does he say he is the Grinch it
gives me crinch but the Grinch I don't know what it
is I don't know what he is
referring to Why does he say he is the Grinch
of del Rey
Yes I don't know how but I was thinking I'm going
to talk about the greens because I have a
few kiss Pili But this is this This
is gold what I bring today is gold what
today brings is gold Gold
what I bring today is hour I'm looking
forward to seeing what the move is soul a
kiss look one member each one one member
eh one member each no I
ask you for more one member each
can each one can give with one
member each we break it  we are almost
people Okay let's see what he
brings that is
Gold The bad guy of Christmas resilience a
kiss Thanks for those five sweetheart
Francisco Javier
careful if it's for laugh it's for not to
pull each other's hair but the thing
has
Okay then Okay let's find out let's see
what he brings that is gold I'm going to
take the summary from this
account I'm going to take the summary from this
account which is the one that is
summarizing the live shows if I leave something
important out then let me know okay
Francisco Javier this is a
lie I'm going to
eh Of so many my so many lies that I do
n't think I'm going to deny or anything for dress
if not but let's see how you don't
think I'm going to
deny But how You don't think I'm going to deny I don't understand
But how you're not
going to think of denying something that
they're saying about you serious man maybe you're
not going to deny if your hair is
natural blonde but if they're telling you
that you kept the money from the
cancer and that you went to take it on
Monday morning running to
try to deceive people  say that I had
donated it before damn show it Pili
a kiss queen Thank you very much but there's no
need for me to donate five while we
're watching this while we're
watching this we'll have a while left here with one
donated one each we'll reach
2500 for sure look like Roberto with one
donated one with one given away there's enough okay
let's see let's see but the thing is that I'm
not going to deny the thing that we're not
going to see how you're not going to deny what's being
said about you about me if they
start saying that I've made a
collection and I haven't given the money where I have to
give it Of course I deny it
but let's see I don't understand How many
days ago did ard de Troya say this not
this past Saturday but the one before okay Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
and Thursday which is
tomorrow the
13 days
days how much longer is he going to
drag it out how much longer is
Javi going to drag it out Ask the chat for us to
all laugh together why
Maria why Look out there people
giving away Their member each one beautiful people
Ah ole my beautiful people Look look look look
the people giving away a member ole
ole her friend confirmed that the money
arrived the money from the parish priest
apparently noo how are you Nao it's been many
days since I saw you around here or you've been
quiet a kiss how are you
aunt let's see about the parish priest
apparently de Troya made a speculation that
in the end it wasn't but of course
what I'm saying here is eh Why does she deny what the
parish priest did the next day running
you call the parish priest today she also
spoke to the parish priest again apparently it's
12 whose birthday was it
whose birthday was it remind me
alanne He's going to drag it out to infinity
while he continues to have 1000 people
watching how the idiot does it Well I see
that every day those 1000 people
should not talk about anything else
forbidden any other topic than
asking her Peppa climbs The
donation was made or it wasn't made was it made
or it wasn't made  We have 125 members
eh 125 members we are
careful eh Let's
see I want the youtubers to understand,
the
youtubers that I'm not going to dedicate my
life to denying even this Now there are
funny things that follow that like today I
'm going to take it out because it's to
take it out let's see let's see in meat in
meat a kiss sweetheart let's see let's
see let's see let's see let's see let's
see how come you're not going to deny
eh of course This girl doesn't want to
talk about the subject doesn't want to talk about the
subject no no it's that she doesn't want to talk about the
subject This girl wants to not bring up
the subject of where they caught her with
the
ice cream cart I think she's never going to
say it Lorena Happy birthday Lorena
Happy birthday
beautiful I am capable of subscribing Just by
asking of course that is the problem you
have to subscribe to be able to
ask her but well those of you who are already
subscribed those of you who are already subscribed or
those who it is true if you have to
subscribe you can't ask her anything
the truth  the truth is the
truth is that he has a face he has a
nerve that he steps on it
eh the truth is that he has a nerve that he
steps on it man it's been two
weeks and he hasn't given the
explanation they have totally caught him
with the ice cream cart and there are
people giving him money
eh those who talk about that subject are banned of
course it's not worth it It's welcome that you subscribe
if you ask him about that subject they ban you
[ __ ] But this is good for a video for the
main channel eh I'm about to make a
video for the main channel if it doesn't matter
if nobody no before I didn't want to
give it fame but it does matter if
nobody subscribes or nobody knows I mean he has the
same subscribers as is even
if he has 1000 viewers he has the
same subscribers he is not going to
gain followers Rafaela a kiss nobody is
going to subscribe to a person who has
done this Well there are people who are
subscribed
eh but I'm not going to dedicate my life
but you don't have to dedicate your life
that you have dedicated your life
this year to talking about Javi Oliveira but
look at how much you have dedicated your
life that  you've gone to buy
plastic chilies and jars of olives cha Thank you very much
for being funny look at
how much you've dedicated your life to me
now the only thing you have to dedicate
is 10 minutes 10 minutes to showing the
date on the paper
to showing the date on the paper the son
doesn't give explanations either But well, they
have to give the
explanations but let's see,
this has to give explanations How is he not
going to explain what he's done with
people's money and where the visas are because
apparently they also say that they probably
gave him a
visa no no no no no no Uy how
wrong
you are ma tiar a couple of
things are
nuances are nuances that I have to
give Of course this, let's see there comes a
time when we are interested in gossip
but if every day it's going to be I'm not going to
say anything I'm not going to say anything I'm not going to
say anything then there will come a time when
we are obviously going to get tired of course let's
see one day okay we can criticize
one day this one day that but I need
a day when I say well look here
is the paper to the one from
Troy takes the role in your face I did
make the
donation if we don't have that paper then we're going
to believe that yes Yes yes
nuances that I have to
give but not today really We got bored
talking
deepa
no but not to me where do they have to Javi it
's my birthday could you congratulate me
of course sweetheart a kiss gorgeous
Have a wonderful day what time is it over
there where you
live in the morning in the afternoon for the
night Oh early in the morning
you I'm getting tired I'm even getting tired of
myself as to talk here now about
what they say
wanted Oh my God but I mean are you
telling me that today's live was like
this he didn't say anything about the donation
against cancer he didn't say anything about
the photo asking for bottles of water I don't
think so I have a pathologically narcissistic
ambient of
fame no but let's see I have a side of
me that tells me that this is a montage
but of those of the two giving of Troy and
such of the two geeky and I believe that
Loli huelta is Loli
Len It's that I that there exists another
person Exactly the same  that Loli the
truth is that I can't believe it Paqui
a kiss sweetheart thanks to all of you who
are giving away the member the
loose member Thank you so much to all of you who
are giving away a member ok with
that I gave away a member each one of us there are
2000 people we rocked it we rocked it
okay she is delighted I mean I think that she does
n't care exactly what is becoming of what is becoming and with what Spain is doing what matters to her is being in Boca of people talking about her and having 1 spectators that was her Ob chaler here I confirm climber she has a lot of nerve wolf a kiss gorgeous no come on man they are going to continue
mandarin because they are going to invent
crazy stories but I don't care
but it's that we don't want the the
rest of the story doesn't interest us if
all we want is that
of the association against cancer
because that seems very serious to me because
there are many people who are suffering I
think that everyone has someone in the
family that we have lost
to this disease I mean I want to know
if this woman has used this
disease and  has searched for this
disease and the people who have donated
for that I want to
know I want to know
bonarca that invents whatever they want they already
have what they want visualize
and people that Look at them that's it if they are
happy That's it that's it
but the live her live
is like this I mean her live is this she
doesn't talk about anything nor is she going to give
explanations of
anything I'm freaking out a little
eh I'm fanning a little at 5 in the afternoon I'm
listening to you while I finish deab Thank you
for the
fita that you get a kiss
queen that the lady who has
stabbed me by the
paras but let this stay between us I
don't know I mean it's not possible it's not that it's not
having an ounce of
shame they catch her they catch
her the intentions she had with Loli
that he approached her to get her
money that he tried to fleece her
okay what conversations of her
putting her in a
bad light pointing out the donations she was
making around there and fighting for making them
and it turns out that the one who stabbed her The
other one is her  eh careful eh
Mari Jess a kiss
sweetheart carmenchu just gave away cco
members a kiss carmenchu
Thank you very much but there's no need to give away
five eh if each one gives one we'll
blow it up there are already 136 members in this
live eh there are already 136 new members in
this live eh watch out there are more than
2000 people here and we could get there if not We
have reached We could already reach
2000 I'm seeing if they
update it I'm seeing if they
update it because it appears to me that we have
1620 and 1620 it can't
be because 1600 appeared to me yesterday and yesterday
like 200 new members joined
can you tell anyone you had to
deactivate the comments on your last
video because 99 with
99% were in my favor and you have deactivated
the comments and there were hundreds of
comments
Oh
come on my goodness my goodness my goodness
What a thing comes over me
eh every day he had a different economic problem
no no but let's see if it's  go le voc listen
to
gringer
my goodness he doesn't give a damn
eh He doesn't give a damn eh Javi you
invite me to give my opinion Of course I will
put you on
WhatsApp I will put you on WhatsApp and we can
continue watching the
cl now Hello good night What's up What do you mean I'm not live no no Ah okay No me if you let me in to give that we are live where are we going est my gun is not watching me on TV Jai [ __ ] we are live No look I'm at the supermarket buying
sausages damn it's 12:15 you're
watching me on TV and I just called you
because you put me in the chat I would be
but I thought that I wasn't
live Of course he is live [ __ ]
Where is it Hello good
Hello What's up and I just arrived
travel time from La Corua orense Ah from La
Corua for I do the Camino de
Santiago by car Every week very
well very
well Well look let's see I can give my
opinion of what I think of this
group well Then why are you calling me
then then daughter Don't ask me
rhetorical questions what a night  you're wearing
eh you're tired from the trip
Eh yes yes I'm a little far away Look let me
give my opinion let's see my opinion is no no
Wait wait what am I going to tell
people one thing that yesterday JJ sent me a
video of her
dancing no it's not that let's see She sends me a
video of her dancing and it says Look
this is JJ so you can put a face to her and it
has a picture of her face the
WhatsApp profile picture well what did I know I
thought you said it's that I don't know
JJ's face I don't know what and I said Okay
Well look I'm taking advantage of one that was
partying Dancing it's my brother who
's dancing well Give me your opinion and that's why I
sent it to you I didn't know that you
saw my WhatsApp picture What do I know if I do
n't understand anything
Javi it's that I'm very Boomer in this Look let's
see what a little a
little no already look my opinion is what
many of us think this is a montage
that they have made the Javi put
Tania is the strongest of the strongest
not the most ver real and what she says the most
incoherent and the one that  more is thrown into the
mud no And then Tania started
messing with lolin without any
reason like who was going to defend
you to mess with lol and such and such
through that they started ard de Troya and
Peppa Beltrn entering a channel I
missed a lot because I don't see them I
missed a lot but my version like
fighting in the in
Tania's live without any reason Also because they did
n't have because each one could take their
position and suddenly they demand
Loli that Loli enter You think that Loli if
really knowing her as we all
know her with the character she has her her
way of being expressions and such And such
really felt betrayed that she was
going to be so relaxed doing her
live shows and talking like she talks impossible
impossible but there is an ingredient
that here we have not dealt with
yet Which is that LoL and Huerta
apparently in
conversations has let both the one
from Troy fall and how Peppa has put
Antonio David green and has said
things about Antonio David or the relationship
that she had with Antonio David and
then Loli according to  they have dropped I do
n't know if it will be true I don't know if they have dropped it that it will
never come out that it will
never come out I have my doubts seeing it
unless unless unless they really reach
a point where this script really
gets out of hand because you that's why she
is so calm because she doesn't want it to
get to that or rather Loli doesn't want it to
get to the point where the other one takes and says well
you Antonio David this this and the
other no but and with Peppa why is she
so calm with Peppa
when
but No man what Go what's going on I'm telling you
that these are making up the script To
make themselves the 1000 visits that they have
or I don't know how many each one has
between the three of them Tania now she's gone a
bit of a mess I don't know why because she's
a bit carried away but for me
these three that are because what I ca
n't get my head around I saw Loli I do
n't know that one of these days I saw Loli eh
almost the whole thing and what I can't get my head around
is that knowing How Loli is how
Loli reacts to things like that she's so
calm so relaxed talking about Peppa
I
TR  because she doesn't want any trouble with him, I
think that's clear, obviously she doesn't
want any trouble with them because you
know that right now they're just
airing things between those from
Troy and the climber. I mean, between them they're
airing all the stuff that
one has, but Loli is also
getting into it because Loli is saying
that if Pepa betrayed her, that if she
spoke badly of her behind her back, it's been aired
but neither of them has aired any
dirty laundry yet,
Loli is airing that laundry, the climber, the one from
Troy and the one from Troya, but they haven't
aired any of the two yet, so
Loli is the same. She doesn't want, she does
n't want the
subject to explode, it could be that, but I continue with me, there's
something here that doesn't seem right to me, I see them
as if they have, like, a guess, it's that it's been
more me, Loli these last few
days that I've been listening to her, she's been
completely incoherent in all the
live shows that she does that you don't understand
anything and it seems to me that she's reading from
a paper because she's speaking very
clearly, very continuously, the
conversations have a
pretty coherent context and of course she can be
understood because until now she couldn't be
understood I say to myself She's reading a
paper Because if not she doesn't speak like that yes yes yes
I think that they the other
two don't care how they look and they have no
shame or dignity whatsoever And if they
're telling them well you didn't pay for this
Well you didn't pay for that
with Peppa you can't do it with Peppa It's
a waste of time and energy
because she eh the nerve she has and
the brains she has it's impossible to
bring her down eh she's a person who's not the same let's
go to a normal person you take
that out of her and they're embarrassed and they
apologize and And they step away for a while but the thing is that
she doesn't care yes yes Being
here in debate with her I told her is it
true or is it a lie that there are
conversations of yours where you are
saying that you are going to fleece
Loli what mattered to her was that I
had uploaded her channel and that that day she
had 1300 people in the live total total total
She's only only
asking that the people who follow her
and I  what is not what is inconceivable to me
is how there are people who can
follow that woman But well the
world is like that and we have a blast with
gossip let's see me you me who
follow you who am an admirer of yours not a
fanatic but an admirer of yours if I see
that you start to say I love you if I see
that you start to say things that don't
add up to me Javi I'm sorry but not if you
disappoint me I'm not going to follow you of course
that's more than clear to me because I have
my moments where I say I mean no
this doesn't
add up to me there I mean but it's true
that she hasn't won she hasn't won seg Because
diti if she has gone up in viewers the
logical thing is that she has gained followers
but no no no she hasn't won sores you
know how lucky this
[ __ ] is Don't say don't say that Sorry sorry sorry it
slipped out it's not a
vulgar way of speaking but not how I
intended Excuse me you know how lucky she is
is that at that time people like
us who take a nap such and such
and who are like that like that's why
that I was on her channel because I did
n't like her at all I had a great time
because she was messing around
all the time it's because she doesn't have anyone to
compete with her And then at
that time of day the people who get bored and
such and go around like that well she stays
there because she's the only one It's because there's no
one who can compete with her
because because at that time of day there are no more
live shows except her you know there it would be the
wonderful thing would be if you,
Carmen, Sor Cotilla, I don't know, someone
started doing live shows at the same
time as her that would be the way
maybe to lower her Well, to lower her
audience but I don't have in that I don't
have the intention of competing with anyone
or lowering anyone's audience I don't care about
that Javi in the law of the
jungle You have to fight, you have to fight eh
Like everyone else, like they fight, I mean it does
n't seem to me I'm not competing with
Peppa, all I was missing was this is that
this person is that this person no but
let's see is that these these these
people no yes yes if someone comes out yes someone comes out
well broadcasting at that  low hour
But anyway this is
fictitious because look she hasn't won anything
I personally feel I feel
like at some point I hear what
you guys say because I am incapable
of listening to a live show it's like I don't even
watch it anymore but it's impossible eh I feel
like indignant like disappointed like
saying my God but how can a
person be like this on YouTube you know
Because there are other people that I may
like more or less that I can see that
have Their content that maybe does
n't go with my way but it's that I
say but how How can we allow
this or the Loli or well the ar of
Troy I can't say that much but the Loli
she I say my God but how can
how can these people be allowed to be
here and dirtying YouTube for me Yeah
but eh Let's see Mm what was I going to tell you
that if I know if it's put on let's see
right now this is false Because right now
H the normal thing would be with these
viewers that she's having and the number of
channels that there are talking about her it would be
logical eh that she would take off and be
growing at least  I don't know that I would have
reached 5000 or 6000
subscribers but no no it's not like she's
exactly the same as when she started
fighting with Tania of course I do
n't understand that cl cl people
are just getting involved to see what
nonsense she says without further ado and to
see if she gives explanations about the cancer thing.
There's going to come a time when if she doesn't
come up with something new or they come up with new
plots or of course people will leave no no you're not going
there I mean you're not going to say anything about the
cancer thing I'm leaving you know out now now now yes now it's that I do
n't understand that part
of it like that because I mean
no no I don't calculate that I don't see it and all
that but me for example Tania
tanas that no I can't stand her and she my t
but I want to tell you that Tania for
example Well well it varies in content she
speaks from time to time Yes to you son of
my soul it's that you have a gift for
people bad
a magnet a
real magnet but I don't know I think we
still have I would give her a gift if it
were Javi Oliveira me with The good  that you
are with how wonderful you are I would give her
a How do you say a G gamen over
How do you say this Ah for Christmas the
Christmas gift to her man
please Javi I think the chat
agrees with me could it could be guo
quear handsome please Javier do it for
us for the whole chat I think the
chat agrees with me ask him
quear handsome for Christmas her
Christmas gift you give it to her she's done so much to you
and given so much to you as
people and like I don't know what I don't know how much give her that
please you see it wouldn't
matter because she's not going to get famous
because that's what I'm telling you we've
talked about her here in the canijo and
everywhere trust you that here we are
almost 3000 viewers every night that is
more than the subscribers that
she has almost
already I know but it's that
but it would be good for her to do that and
put it in the in the canijo because we
had a great time
Javi for prisoners s now it wouldn't matter to him it wouldn't matter
eh but it's the same but
for us for us it would also
be
wonderful I mean think about it if  you see that
for Christmas
that gift would be very good for Pepa okay Okay and
and you include me too because I
also love her very much okay
Well a kiss
queen come on a kiss darling come on bye
Thanks bye bye let's
see it would be a fun gameover
at least but for the
main channel a gameover goes If people
pay attention it is who it is it is the first year without
Game Over no man luare this year there have
been game overs the one with Agustn The
last one was this year the one with Agustn but it
's that I also have not seen anyone who
inspires me a gin This one would inspire me The
thing is that it is so much so much so much it
could be eh this one has p
sees it This is one of the
bad characters for
a It's that this is a bad person be it is
a bad bad bad person this s
would be could be a character for
gameover a bad person
SS concert when they reach 4000 they do not
arrive and they do not arrive that it does not arrive that it does not
arrive trust you that they are n less because it is that we are
going to see who is going to subscribe
to a channel that does  the things
she does Mari A kiss Thank you very much sol 142
new members we have what we do
at
night who is left to do their
bit is to give a gift but Virginia
is that nobody subscribed Anyway they are
not going to subscribe Anyway but if we
are here already eh yes we are already here
anyway eh talking about her with
3000 viewers every night and it does not go up I
mean she believed that talking about
her was going to go up and what you have the
fame a fame since you are
never going to go down the street and
everyone is going to say look at the one who did
this the one who did that look I
have enough for a bottle of water
eh today they brought
like two k
weapon
meat I have enough for water I have and the water
is good
yes good Patrick seven bottles of water
no that I am here again What
happens is that let's see I'm going to do a little
summary because see I mean if I have enough for
water and why did you send a
photograph of you with your mother in the group saying
that you did not even have enough for water
anyway It's that it's that the lady
has no limits none anyway it comes out  there migna
no Look if I have water damn Why did you
put a picture in the group trying I
mean if you have it for water then you're
asking for something else saying it was
for
water of course exactly leonia That's what
the geeky tuers are for being
the geeky why are you going to get involved to
do an
inover that would be very very
long gorgeous Thank you so much
sweetheart he's gotten high high high high high high high high he's let's go he's on
fire he's got
what he doesn't have the
stupid thing over there man Of course Put the
stupid thing put the stupid thing let's see what the stupid thing is
and let whoever wants to pick it up you
're stupid of no for a while no stupid
of always
stupid
stupid who stops
ludo moment of humor
eh moment of
humor it's gone very low for me
Romn What are you saying
handsome Why didn't it sound
rom ROM your super chat didn't sound Why did
you put a
bad word please don't give it more
prominence it's poison
exclamation mark exclamation mark yenen let
's go  those thumbs up thumbs up
thumbs up let's see
bun we have eh the way things are
we're having it with this with this
gossip with me knowing that and me
knowing that it was that it was a lie that he's
resembling
j no J the flight the In what that he's
resembling j In what that he's
against
you that he's resembling the jotao In
what in being against you but yes
against you Right now The whole
internet is because of what you've done he is he
wants to be Javier Oliveira man and I don't
blame him but come on him and anyone Well, there's no
way there's not a
few who laugh Jai
Oliveira Ayami Welcome to the family
handsome s I've heard it myself Oh I
wish it were me how well he's doing
when he's bad and I don't know what and I wish he's
Ah I haven't heard that I know it's that there
were a lot of people like saying that
things were going badly for me I was kind of broke and I say
well let's see No, it's not the best
moments but it's that the topics don't
accompany it's  that we depend a
lot on the themes too That's how it is let's
see we're not bad we're not
yet we're not starving yet we don't have to go back
to
work we don't have to go
back yet but man let's see it's not the
time it's not the it's not our peak not the
way things are the biggest peak of
telesalseo I think it was like clear
August August and September of this month
10 million views every month but
well from there to going bad from there to being
bad it's a little sandito of the one who doesn't care I don't care about
the views I don't care
eh how many people I have I don't care about
the money I don't care about
anything but then the
subconscious escapes Oh I would love for it to
go too like you noticed Oh I
would love to man Of course the money is
very good for me Look today I'm going to
ask for likes look today I'm going to ask for
pajamas look today I'm going to ask I don't know what
today look that Irene Len has
given the pppa so much today that I don't know what that they
are one after the other one after the other but
I see it so clearly I don't know how
people don't see it, I mean they're
criticizing the other one, there are many times when he
says I don't want money, I don't
want viewers, I don't want anything,
but then he starts saying, look
how much this one has given to the other, look
how much Irene Len has given him. Look at the
views that one and the other have, but if
that is exactly the same as your mother, I
mean, your mother, literally, I don't know
how many times she said yesterday, do you remember that we
criticized him, do you remember the mother yesterday?
How many times we criticized that she said something
like,
eh,
I don't need to have so many people here, I do
n't want it, well, himself, himself,
when we told him about Loli, don't give him another
penny, he said, I wish, I
hope that's what his mother says. Of course, of
course. We were watching it yesterday and then
the mother has been paying attention to, let's go, it's not that she has been paying
attention to
Loli's donations, it's that she went to
look for Ayami. Thank you very much. Look, Ayami
just became a member and just as she
became a member, she has given away five
family
five, well, we have 150 new members.
The thing
is that she doesn't update me, man, it's just that  it
updates me It's that I want to know how much
we would really have man it's that it doesn't
update me what nerve man what What nerve
Rome has Let's
see I can't
believe it noed I can believe that this is the
click that I was
telling you about and now that this is the click
that I was telling you about
before the afternoon went live to
ask my followers for bis and super
chat that of course I didn't give it
importance because I have my visits I have
my members I have my things whether you like it or
not well we are a
big channel and I have not fallen for that because such
but you realize one thing
that is like this as I am going to
tell you if imagine Jos Luis Corbacho
has 10 today that he is going to spend on super
chat if [ __ ] Berlanga is going to spend
five and Mimi is going to spend 20 Well if they
go to the climber's channel and the
climber asks for super chat and Mimi
gives her five and Jos Luis Corbacho takes it and
gives her 10 then when he arrives At night they
give less to Teles Salce that's why she eh
wanted to put  the to the Loli against
us Hey look, it's that they mess with you
in telesalseo don't go to tel
salseo anymore because they mess with you a lot in the
chat because if Loli had 100 to
give Well if she had to give it and she
had to distribute it Between her and other
channels well what she does is she
tries to turn everyone against each other so that
everything is for
her this is exactly what
she does you know I mean
we how strong how strong what how strong let's
go this seems crazy to me eh how
strong what So I'm stealing
the Super chat the bizum the memberships
from Javier Oliveira because I do
the live shows in the
afternoon 2 + 2 equals 2
Javi 2 + 2 = 2 what the hell is that 2 + 2
why 2 + 2 = 2 what the hell
are the bizum the memberships from Javier
Oliveira because I do the live shows in the
afternoon 2 + 2 = 2 Javi what is he
saying 2 + 2 = 2 the lady starts to
put this click like the  the one from this account that the one
from this account that
puts this clip I was commenting on it today
in the canijo a you know who is
the sick man who is behind a
multi-account who doesn't have the balls to do it
from his [ __ ] face that I
told him this afternoon I say an
entire account an entire account dedicated to me
come here a click of yours and And what click
is that is a click that they got from you
who got it that
click a click of yours but from
what Because once in a live you said
2 + 2 = 2 apparently and they mess
with you for that since then that I
said in a live 2 + 2 are 2 and that where is it
Who got that in what
video and what and what live
is 2 + 2 = 2 but that will have some
context
no Where is the
click that name did you know
eh while they look for it for me I mean this
clip that was from yesterday's live with
alanne where I am explaining the
trick eh But the thing is that I don't
understand Where is this protest
of this trick of  this clip or rather
let's see literally I'm not
paying attention to what they donate to Juano or
what they donate to Enrique or what they
donate to Mica on some occasions I have
said let's see that Mica is
taking away my member let's see that
Juanjo is taking away my super chat No
because they have their own
communities that they have built what
happens is that you have
not built any community climber what you have done has been promote yourself in telesalseo and your beginning the first followers that you had were from telesalseo also as I explain well here to Anne that in this clip they cut it you took and here in the
chat you said tomorrow I do a live at 5
and on Twitter tagging lne to tesa I don't
know who direct that I start direct
trying to get Teresa's moderators
to seo to
challenge you but anyway
eh you didn't have a single [ __ ] follower of yours they are
all from telesalseo
So if you take the time before
telesalseo starts and you start
asking for a member telling them the  tricks
that you always use it's not that you
're not taking super Chaz away from
telesalseo but it's that I don't understand where
it is I don't understand Where's the bad thing in
that clip It's that I
don't understand the way of turning it around
on Twitter she was tagging us all
Mimi on Twitter the first days that she
started she was tagging the
most visible heads of the telesalseo chat to
the moderators but come on it's no
secret and she knows what's happening
here she's playing her role that she in
the chat come on and it's not that but she
on WhatsApp was telling me mention my channel I did
n't say that I have a channel no I mean
obviously your first live shows
Now no now you've already achieved Well
people from Juanjo's community who hate
Ja oliveira people from
Diego arrabal's community who hate Javi oliveira
people even from the good ones from legun
passe and all those
people but your first live shows were I mean
your first post in the
showcase is from tes salseo So if
you promote yourself here and you go live every
day the  a while before they
start interested in SEO asking for
money Well obviously it's like if
I go to a bakery It's like if
I go to a bakery and at the door
I start selling bread a little cheaper
than what is sold
inside but that's how it is
business is like that
Javi you have to see how they try to
ridicule but it's that I don't know what that is
2 + 2s equals two which is a
clip of mine in which I say plus two equals
two but I say it as a joke or how do I say it
to Arne we don't have the cl
luare it's that no I don't know which one it is I
missed it but that's how it is but
come on look at you if that's how it is climb
look at you if that's how it is that when you saw
a lady who was easy to manipulate
And you saw that she was the one who
donated the most you went to look for her
personal social networks to become friends with
her to fleece because there are
conversations about you everywhere I do
n't know what you're complaining about
here in that clip I don't know what you
're complaining about  in this clip but if it
's that you literally went with
Loli to pluck her according to your
conversations I think it was years ago
but What is the click where where can I
see the cli In what
video two + two are two but that's what it is that I do
n't understand
But what was a mistake that I got
stuck it seems to me that
trium is an old cli in which you
were arguing with someone and you make a
mistake when saying the phrase and today they
laughed because yesterday you made a mistake in another
phrase
Ah And what does it have but an old cli
comfortable of old
But
where It's that I want to see it to know what
moment it is pu damn it is but
make a mistake no I mean I make mistakes
speaking but if I make mistakes every 5
minutes speaking
No but if making mistakes I make mistakes every
5 minutes No when you're live it's
what you have
no Javi it seems to me that it's a clip of some
debate in Javi el
canijo let's see let's see let's
see what the
c Where can I find that
cck Javi a kiss
Leila this that is here will not be
no this image that is here is not
no  this image that is here in black and
white that is not no that is the 2 +
two This one that is being posted here no no it
will not be they do not
show it much in their
live shows but I do not know what the
context is pu Maybe I am saying this
jokingly catching someone off guard
no no This
is not, I mean in this click that is being posted
here the
smart one I am saying 2 + 2 is two I
can't
believe it
but that is a debate that is a debate
but no that that is a debate from
2017 I mean I do not believe that there is someone
who is so
bad or rather and that and that he has gone to
this debate or rather for you to find that
here I am wrong this is a debate in which I
am fighting with two or three
people who are were two or three
pretty bad people and we are
shouting at each other fighting two or three people And
then Of course you in the middle of a fight
well you are wrong and you get into trouble
I imagine that will be it but come on
this is from
2017 This is the blue room eh also
this is me fighting with Well a group
of a group of people that we fought with back
then but come on you have to
be
terrible you have to be terrible No no it's more
recent Ruben this is 2017 s El Debate
that is s El Debate that is
old it's not that this is from Look it's
from the blue room and from this
chair the fight is Yes yes with those people
alne it is the fight of course or rather they have
started watching videos but if
this video I think it doesn't even
exist or rather you have to be [ __ ]
terrible and have spent hours searching for
things about me well hours years to have
found a clip where I am wrong in
a live or rather they have seriously found that he
is ref flaco Javi No no it's that he
is ref flacco It's not that here I didn't
even know that he had
cron's disease he is searching Javi the Angel
[ __ ] But this is that you have to
be sick to find this eh
because this if I'm not mistaken it's not It's that
if I'm not mistaken No it's not in the
canijo it's that it's not on my channel if I don't
mistake This was on the
Perita Channel I mean you have to be really bad
to have found this
eh They didn't look for it they got it from
Antonia's lackeys well man you have to
be really bad to find this eh anyway
but besides it's that And
what do you know that besides it's like And what am I telling you I mean it's that but
anyway it doesn't matter that it's
eh who says 2017 says 2016 besides
eh I mean cloth cloth cloth I'm
talking to you hae cloth cloth cloth cloth but
cloth cloth cloth I mean in an
argument in a heated argument you
get mad at someone and you make a mistake And you
say 2 plus 2s is two and I hadn't even
realized I had probably said it
[ __ ] you have to be I mean that's
2s plus two is
two those were the old Perita live shows
But anyway we're
talking about 2016 2017
eh You don't have to look so hard says Lady you have
to look you have to look a lot but it's
not that you have to look  a pain in the ass is
that you have to swallow a
three or four hour live show to say [ __ ] look
what you said Here [ __ ] man
my goodness
there you have it but come on anyway
anyway let's
see anyway let's see one
thing is that you say 2 + 2s is two
Seriously and another thing is that you make a mistake in a
live show, I
mean, even if it was in
2016 Even if it had been now if I make a
mistake for half an
hour you know that you are live for
many hours and in the end you make a mistake
but the thing is that the
Television presenters make mistakes the people
everyone who is live makes mistakes that's what happens being
live well they've been at that for two months
seriously [ __ ] Well let's see if he does the same
math to return money that he
had to return to the
cancer association I mean he has searched for that click
and he hasn't searched for the date on the
paper listen to our eyes don't
hear it to our eyes espar esp a
two by two eyes will not hear it
our eyes will not hear it our
eyes will not hear it our eyes I mean
but  their live show this is all they
have to get out of me if I make a
mistake in a live show
[Music]
talking he won't hear it he won't hear it
our eyes won't hear it our
eyes
every time it goes better eh the
Angel every time that man goes better eh They wo
n't hear it
but climbs that's not the serious thing the
serious thing is to raise money for
cancer and you gave it on Monday because you hadn't
given it in
months so they're making a drama
of mistakes when
speaking says Lady well they have work to do
man Of course if they want to grab every
word that I don't say words at the end
of the day but I mean
eh It's me It's that I
'm really hallucinating I mean mistakes when speaking
is what the live show was about and
that's all they
have but but here the serious thing Peppa is
what you have done with the money and with
the lady who you pretended to be
your
friend you are being criticized by her members
the members of the Royal Academy Don't look at
the members of the Royal Academy Don't
notice the people who follow him because
has people who support him eh Although you
think
not wait they are telling me that in
kids in the group they have put the
cave that I want to
see it
no but it is from the same or rather this This
is an account dedicated to
me an account dedicated to me that will be from
one of them an account dedicated only
to me but I say Well and why Why do
you have why do you have an account
dedicated only to me to turn around
Every nonsense that I say and take it out of
context look at you but look at the
level of this account that this will be one
of them 100% one of them or from the
community of one of them
okay when they put it to this lady
who had not donated the money that she had
raised for cancer instead of taking it
and criticizing that
we are talking about a very
serious thing we are talking about something that
affects us all a very
serious thing the problem was some lawyer in the
room who confirms to me that what I am
reading is not correct that I am
misinterpreting it I am serious the
intelligence eh I am serious Because
according to this  GDPR should
also be respected in associations and
NGOs apart from that and take and the the the
the issue is not the issue is not what
the lady had done with the money no no no
no the serious thing is to see if to see if to see if they
had not respected the
data protection law I mean I've seen
stupid people in the world and then I've
seen
people like this Of course you see this and you
understand why they have to create
an account so as not to say it with their face
because you say Well you want to
expose something to me go up here to a live
with me if I have the phone
open here for whoever wants to come and
give me the clicks that you want to come here
come here live with your face and
your name so I can answer you
but with your face of course they create an
account for this because they put these
things that are stupid and they are
barbarities I mean you are
right in everything that has been said it
is very sad that they have taken advantage of
an illness like this to earn 240 man
but apart from that This is not a thing that this
is not a thing that has happened  now
because this is not something that happened
now this is something that is from
months ago now it has effectively seen the light
find out find out the rest you
know find out what is not known is that it
is very strong man but listen to me Let's see
you have called the association and the
woman then has you I mean no there is no
probability that that woman
has cheated on you she is not the coordinator of
Algecira or I mean it is that she does not have and
besides she was with another woman and they have
both started looking for each other or I mean according to what
I have told her she says to me host well
this is very serious I do not know what I do not know how much
this if she has not done it she can be
reported and in fact she has told me that she is
going to pass me on to him or rather she is going to give my
number to the legal team of the
association I mean that is why I am
telling you that it is that there is no
joke let's go and in addition there are several
people who have made it clear It is that this is that
these have called a lot of
people have called the association or I mean there we have
Auri and I have seen a lot of
Followers who have  been calling
because of course it's not, it's not, I don't understand
how, how can you do something like this, how can
you forget to give money that you've
collected for this noble cause, I mean, it's
money that belongs to everyone, it's
normal for people to pick up and get a
moment and say, I'm going to call to see if he
's given it or not, I mean, it's
public, these types of donations are
public. Well, in fact, the serious thing is that
the data protection law, you
idiot, idiot, this Wilson,
idiot, what data protection law,
creature, what data have you sent, sent
some ID, some address, no, my son, you
can ask about a donation of
money that people have given to the
association against cancer, you can and
they can respond. In fact, there has to be
transparency, but come on, it's
really, I mean, create an account
just to turn around what
Javi Oliveira says,
man, come here if you have something to say,
come here on a call with your face and I
'll answer you, yes, I'm hiding. You're welcome,
whoever wants me to answer
something, I'll answer it here live in
front of everyone  my followers look how
bad you're going to leave me you idiot dumb
[ __ ] instead of
criticizing what any human being
has to criticize and that is everyone
demanding this lady that What happened
to that
money? Well no, well no, that and some
screenshots of mine from 2019 where I'm
saying that I'm going to do a crowdfunding
and just in case I lost a
lawsuit and that if I won the money I would
donate it to an association and they're
saying Does anyone know where the
money that Javi asked for the children is?
Of course the money is not collected.
That crowdfunding was not done. It was not collected.
If it had been collected it would be where I
promised it should be, not like
the climber who forgets for 6
months or whatever. But I'm hallucinating, eh, I
mean, if tomorrow I make a video about
Jos Bretn, these bad guys
would defend Jos Bretn and they would see a
way to turn it around and that the other one
is not that bad because I'm
criticizing
him, what the [ __ ] is this, dude. I mean, what the
[ __ ], what the [ __ ]  a cli of what I don't care about
is that anyone with
two minds understands things here that
Two plus Two is two to me I don't care and
what the [ __ ] do I care a click that I'm
wearing a tank top in the year
2016 because I have this spotlight here
behind me this is
2016 a cider
2016 from a
live from a live in which I'm
clearly fighting with
someone now I don't care is that
anyone with two minds understands
things here that two plus two is two and
I make mistakes in a live show that in a
live show you can make mistakes and even more so
arguing in a heated mood. So what have
you had to swallow in terms of content
to find this that this
isn't even from my channel It's from a channel that isn't
known by Perita I mean what have you
had to swallow to dig to see if you
find something against
me to dig to see what you find
against me what you've had to
swallow of hours and hours and hours of
live shows of debates with
people to be able to what for this that I was
wrong that's
how you have to be to find
this
click and her followers eh To
call you ignorant my goodness Yes that's why
I am where I am and you are Where are you that
in a year that in a year
that you have been on YouTube they have already caught
several identical things okay the end of Jai
2 + 2 but look at how people
deceive her he says
there well if we get cultured if we
get cultured the Ay the there and the a are not
written the same this Ai would be without
h I don't think this lady
laughed at 2 + 2 no this lady who
appears here in the twit will not have laughed
at 2 + 2 because of course she puts H here
where they don't belong
she puts H here where they don't belong
Ay I have a youtuber that follows me
wherever I go ma'am I have nothing
else to do Pepi honey I have nothing else to
do Pepi but chase
you the truth is look I really
want to see your
face because you are so nice and so
polite and so well spoken let's be
delighted the other day she told me Anne that
this  this
lady who was apparently from here and
I had no [ __ ] idea who she was
alanne correct me if I'm
wrong a kiss Ricky Mira is over there over
here Ricky Garcia I don't know
if he's still around Ricky a kiss I just
saw that you talked
about my interview with Gustavo thanks
for the detail well Ho two or three
videos of your interviews I recorded of I
recorded about
Leticia's niece I don't know when the
videos will come out they will come out tomorrow the day after tomorrow to see if you
come one day nice to
meet you eh alanne tell me well how
was that thing
How was that thing I mean this lady
apparently alanne send me an
audio explain it to me well because I
have no idea what it was the l told me
the other day when we were in the car
that the one when I was taking her in
the morning
to the
airport because you charge to go out
there I don't even have permission So Ah it
feels like you're not going to monetize this live
dear let's see let's see let's
see  let's see there I have a youtuber this is
a
song is a song this or what the [ __ ]
is it there I have a youtuber that
follows me wherever I go Well look it's going to
be no because you get paid to
appear there I don't and you don't have my permission So
Ah it feels like you're not going
to monetize this live dear but why am I not
going to monetize it
Pepi do you know Why do they say that I'm not going to
monetize it because these people think they're
Peppa's o these people think that
anyone can go to any
YouTube video or rather and report it and take away their
monetization I mean they just go and
come and report it and these people believe
Peppa's deception that anyone
can take away someone else's monetization I
mean imagine if this were the case I wouldn't
monetize any live stream any
day it's a complete lie okay Mrs.
Peppa Pepi Pepi you're lying Pepi you're lying 7 it
's completely false that because nobody
reports anyone their monetization is taken away it
's a lie your report doesn't pay any [ __ ] attention
unless there's
something that violates  the Norma but
since there isn't one the live show is
perfectly green and monetized
Oh this seems like a song from the
middle of the kids there I have a
youtuber chasing me and going wherever I
go Well look it's going to be no because you
charge to go out there I don't and you don't have my
permission So Ah it feels like you're
not going to monetize this live show
dear let's see This lady Mrs. Pepi
this was once a follower of
telesalseo and when there was the controversy with
Juanjo on more than one occasion she had to be
silenced and on Twitter I
even had to call her attention and
block her because she was defending you and in
your name saying some atrocities
Javi atrocities that made me feel
ashamed I mean and I asked her
please to defend you So no, do
n't defend me and I even ended up
blocking her long before she
was on Pepa's Channel I
blocked her when she was a follower of ours I
mean imagine the level Ah that's what it
was for Yes I mean the lady was from here man there are
people there  people that I've
removed from here or banned from here from the
chat channel okay or people that
I've blocked on
Twitter with whom maybe I didn't
even have any
contact But when I say maybe I didn't
even have any contact it's because they are people from
here in the chat that I
know the most prominent ones by their names
but I'm not that many of them Well,
there are people that then I
Maybe after having blocked them or
having like this Pepi not after having been
followers here Well, maybe I have
blocked them because I've
seen them on site Maybe in the
Peppa chat or in the chat of people I know you
know for whatever reason but I haven't
said anything to them I simply blocked them
or I have banned them from here in the chat or
whatever because here in the chat I'm not going
to have anyone who is from this channel
how am I going to have people here who rub
shoulders with a lady who collects
money for cancer and forgets to
give it for months Well, then
you see them out there like this Pepi and there
are many more eh There are many Pepi eh that
I meet  tet of it that they send me
in the group as if they were Let's say as if
they had a grudge against me as if
they had a grudge against me as if I
had been an
ex-partner I assure you that you have girlfriends
less grudged than some of these
ladies no no but ladies and also
others that are not Maybe as
ladies Well this woman is not old no
this woman is young est this woman this
woman is not an older lady that you
say you don't understand no no no but I know how to get
angry come on I don't know it's like
Well what have I done to you I mean
What relationship did you have with me that now I
see them every day on Twitter Yeah the one
of this the chili pepper others I don't know what
and they talk to me with a grudge but
people maybe also some young ones
eh come on this lady is young This
lady is not old she is not old I always
say I have the habit of saying old and
old eh I always corrected myself old are not the ones the old
people old are the
rags the people are older This
lady is not old this lady is young
I am looking there in the photo and it is a
woman  young to say such nonsense and
to write
like that would be more pana no no sisuka no no
what this lady has is that here she was
not allowed to insult
because here when I was fighting with
Juano she insulted Juano and
insulted him look at you how she would insult him
that the LINE
blocked her and how I have blocked her Well she goes to the
Channel of whoever hates me to despotic her
spite but she swallows all
our live shows Because if you don't
like my channel you're not watching it
but they swallow our live shows
because what they feel is a kind of broken
hearted spite
old it's really ugly yes Javi bu it
's not a way of speaking eh I mean but yes yes
you're
right I those things really make me make
me say a little bit Uy be careful
eh be careful eh but that's
another thing mom that I remembered because
when she was here when she was in the
house I said Antonio but if we
do the Ray the Ray is when
we finish and we send it to all
our people to all the subscribers
we send directly to your channel to your
live And he said no but it's that I don't
want to I don't
know what Because I don't want to depend because I've already fought with this and with marimer I think it was or with someone he says and I already went through that and I don't want to depend I want to do my thing alone s I say Antonio but how are we going to fight us, me my in my head of
course I didn't think But he already had a
very good answer that for when he says
about 2 + 2 Peppa 2 + 2
240 2 + 2 240 show the paper now that we are
going to ask you every day show him
the paper Let's see what happened to you with the
paper that he was going to
fight you know that he was going to fight with you
mom and he said No well it's that I don't want to
do that so as not to depend Because
if we fight one day he already had it in his
head and Sol later I have thought about it and I
say that the
rumor is circulating the rumor made screenshot that he
told someone that he is going to approach
me to meet Loli and for that  I
was loved, well,
since it hasn't worked for him, I mean, it
has worked for him but not as he
would have liked and he said, in order to be
successful, we have to speak badly of Peppa.
Well, come on, he
just said,
he has no shame, man,
he
has no shame, the climber, man, he has no shame, the climber says, he's
criticizing that there are conversations between
Antonio affirming that he wanted to meet
the climber to get closer to Loli. And
what conversations do you have? How many
conversations are there between you and him about how you wanted
Loli to
bleed, but man, what, but man, she can't be
more
cheeky, I mean, what you
did with Javi. No,
Peppa,
totally, man, but this lady
can't be more cheeky,
eh, she can't be more cheeky, it's
impossible, she's the limit of cheeky, she's the
person with the least shame that I've ever seen
in my life, man, and look, we've been
here for years, but she doesn't have
a shred of shame.
But how are you going to criticize
anyone because wanting to get close to someone else
to get to know
Loli, he has no shame at all.
Eh, what a
totally projection. Yes, but I think that in the
last few months he knew.  that he was going to
fight or had he already planned it, he
might as well fight with you, no guide, no
guide, the help he said, no, I don't want the
help because if not, of course when I fight
later people will say today that he
takes him, that he, that we took him a
subscriber, that we did him
favors, that I don't know what, of course. So
now I understand many things, eh Now he
understands many things, eh Angel says yesterday he
said that he didn't understand how I didn't go up or
down with everything that is said about Peppa, he
got into the channel to see the
subscribers that you
have,
well, J Don't think that what because I
have a family here of warriors,
male and female, who won't let go of my
hand,
but I could be going up and I can't
because you give me so much thrashing,
well, I can't, no, impossible, man, Peppa,
so much thrashing, it's not that you collected for
cancer and you forgot, for 6 months
people don't subscribe, they're not going to
subscribe to you too much, that I haven't had it, we
will have to examine what
those people have in mind that hasn't left you  How how how how how you have to
see that it
could be going up, of course it would be going
up if you were working and
entertaining people and being a good
person, but the type of person that you are
that collects money and forgets for
months to give it to something so
noble and so serious. Well, of course we're not
going to count yourself lucky that it has
n't gone down, which is what
I don't understand, I mean, because come on, that happens
in any other
community, that happens in any other
community and come on, it's to pull your
hair out,
no, but the level is people who
hate me, without more people than, I mean, look at
the people who support you.
Simply people who hate me to
be like a pineapple, come on, all of us who
are against Javi, let's see if
we take this and turn it around and the
data protection law and being an
idiot is simply okay, I mean, you don't
have a community that loves you
for what you are. Who's going to love you
for what you are, who's going to love you for
more? There are
240 of them, apologize for the 240 thing.
turkeys everyone saying the same thing the same thing the same thing the same thing
what there is
everyone saying what there is what is
seen what you have done
publicly the same thing the
same people who are sheepish end up
believing the same thing the same thing the same thing the same thing
but
what you have done is sheepish and that we have been doing it for
almost 14 days and you have not shown the
paper and that you wanted to deceive them
by telling them that you had donated in June
Who are those people sheepish who are
asking you for explanations of what you have done
with the money or people who believe that by
pressing a button anyone
can put the live on Amarillo to
another because that is what you have made
these people believe so that they would
release the LoL and the money that gave you
the live streams on Amarillo Look how they
believe it because they believe it because they are
people who do not go further Who is more
sheepish, the east one, the expensive one, the
Troy ones have taken people from the flight of the
thugs of Tania de Well very well but
I like those people I do not
want them of course Yes but you do not want them or  you're
going to have them
doing that a lot you talk to
lerl who is lerle well yes I know him
by
hearsay Well let's see I'll talk to lerl I think I
have him on
Twitter look look how nice Look at all
the subscribers
there look 1 2s 3 cu 5
six people have subscribed eh my goodness Well of course that's
the level you can aspire to
unite among yourselves Of course Look at what a
nice man Talk to him, we've already tried to
talk to the other one no I can't
believe it says alanne But how can you not
believe it alanne But how can you not
believe it if he's already talked to
eleg one passes but if she already went to
look for the other one too the other one didn't show
her messages trying to get
closer to
him what a fusion my goodness Well it would be
wonderful if the other one brought you together eh it would be let's
go the friky tubers we're not going
We'll have to expand for the
whole weekend the friky
tubers
well let's see l de Troya said something today
or what family How are those likes going alanne
How are the likes going How are the
likes going How are the
members how is everything going let's see
if I continue or I leave we
continue or I leave we see about the
area of Troy or we
leave the best is going to come together
man of course they believe it let's see but it's that you
can't aspire to anything else they are
going wrong let's see here there
are 2200
people I am here updating let's
see if We have reached 2000 members
because it would give me
things but it's not updating me It's that
today is a holiday no today
no today
effective today the members are not updating
man it's that 1620 there is not that was
yesterday Okay come on Let's see
what he said about Troy before H come on go he
says says Marga has posted The warrior
Marga has posted a tweet she says that she is of
a certain age she is not a
teenager you say that she already wants to
get close to jav oliva well your son does not
want to get close he pretends to look like
him as a youtuber hopefully everything comes to
light then you'll see if you are
more false than a 3 quio coin that
in this thread where I have  answered
eh And I have written to her I have written this
late in response Marga I mean Marga
Imagine when some of them discover that she does
n't have a house of her own that she lives with her
mom that she jumped from one mom's house to
another mom's house I say what is she going to do with
you when mom's not there and she's not paying for her
Ugh what the hell mother that's what I
wrote I referred to
that because if you want I'll
clarify it to me one day Peppa told me that the
house she lives in is not in
her name it is in the name of her mother and her
brother that's how
simple it is The old house does belong to the three of them I
think but she told me not to mention the new house
So she is officially living
in her mother's house and on top of that she's not just
content with just moving in since she also
brings her two children in there pets included
but since she's taking care of mom who is
the only one who takes care of her well I suppose that's why
the
scandal is coming it wasn't
that good
night these are the things that make me
doubt that this is a setup
[Music]
eh these are the things that make me doubt that it is
a setup eh well they're
throwing out strong things eh they
're throwing out ugly intimacies
eh well with the community that's been
left the truth is that your mother has
done me a favor because she's taken a small
group that I didn't know were of that
ilk I had no idea and it seems
perfect to me that she took her and they've
stayed there with her now that she
locks herself up
official announcement today is Peppa Beltrn's last day
on this channel I don't care what she
does or what the blonde lady does or what
any of them do I don't care
here the climb is over
beltran if you want to become a member of the
channel of Troy for only 099 that those of you who
want can become a member by
means of a coffee says now I'm
making one for my daughter but let's see the one from
Troy now that he's going to
blackmail is that I don't understand it, I mean from Troy
now he backs down when he's left in
bad shape with the bomb no because the bomb in the
end the other one is supposed to have
dismantled So now from Troy
What's his situation? Ah Hello  Patricia I have
n't seen you Maria r says the son has
been able to insult you and humiliate you
without showing the paper with the date of the
donation there is the paper of the date of the
donation he is not going to show it he will
never show it but Pepi Ortega is not this or I
freak out Anne or rather this is not Pepi
Ortega and she is there in the chat and she is a member
even that being bad people Eh ar of
Troy man insulting me can
insult me humiliate me Not because he does not have the
category nor is he a person for that
anyone can insult insult
humiliate you if they manage to make you feel
humiliated as they do not achieve it because the
only thing that is left in evidence as has been
shown in previous live broadcasts is him
I thought that they were more of a man and that they
had more education and more shame and a
little more lights now I see that the
narrow forehead does not only work for the
exterior it is that on the interior why does he
want a wide forehead if there is
little to hide uncle wake up or be
ashamed you still have time your mother it
is late but you still have time
says the mother has no shame but
none well little more well little more well
here  It seems like it's ending,
eh, another day If you want, I'll sit my
mother here and she'll tell you her
life story Oh no, mothers can't be
used to monetize, it's
ugly Another day If you want, I'll sit my
mother here and she'll tell you her
life story Oh no, mothers can't be
used to monetize, it's
ugly, [ __ ] I think there are
times when I think it's a
setup There are times when I think it's a setup
Because it's real I mean, no way, no
way, I
believe that Irene Len isn't the lolera,
man I don't know, but oh well I do
n't know, but oh well,
eh, we'll see It's just that there are times when
I think that there are things that smell strange to me like a
setup But then there are these things,
these very personal attacks that you say,
[ __ ], [ __ ] Well, I don't know what to tell you,
man Well, I don't know what to tell you, man, the
truth Okay, people, I think that's it for
today We've fulfilled our term and we're
going to leave tomorrow Tomorrow is Thursday,
no, Ho, wait for it I'm lost Tomorrow is
Thursday, no, tomorrow is Friday, tomorrow is
Friday, tomorrow is Friday,
you tomorrow is Friday tomorrow  I don't think he'll
do it live, I don't know, even the friky
tuers I don't think he'll do it
live, you've already done the fryers, I doubt that there will be
more
live shows, honestly there will be
videos tomorrow Saturday for you
luar there will be a video
man I don't know what to think,
honestly I don't know what to think, of course now ar
de Troya says alne I think the
montage is from Peppa and Loli al de Troya is
going without filters Yes of course but he
also took it and said that's it, so it's over, of course
then ard de Troya now says that ard
de Troya now says that it's over but no matter how
much ard trya says that it's over
eh the other one has now seen the gold
mine the other one has now seen the gold mine eh
the only way he has visitors, let's say he has visitors
Yeah well he has 1000
viewers the only way he has
1000 viewers is by doing this fight
because people are waiting people
are waiting for him to respond, to give
explanations and all that
stuff for you it's Saturday too Well you
understand me you understand me I don't know
but well whatever  we'll see, I'm
going to bed now, eh Today I'm going
to bed Today I'm going to go to bed today I'm
going to go to bed today I'm going to bed
today I've already done everything today I'll
see you tomorrow okay I'll probably
find a little time to be with
you and if not in videos you can rest
family Thank you so much for the
live stream and bye bye have a good
weekend in case we don't talk but come on I'll
try to find a time because Peppa
has already insinuated on two occasions that
many things have been said about someone
Antonio David and Loli will have told
this one to slow down for her What if Peppa
stops losing her hair Yes I think that
I think Antonio is still going to give her a
hard time because because Loli or rather Peppa
has insinuated on several occasions as
alne is telling me
in fact there was a clip aunt in fact there
was a clip But anyway it doesn't matter there's no
need to put it we'll talk about it on
Sunday at the fryers Peppa has
insinuated on several occasions that there are
recorded conversations where Loli has
spoken badly about Antonio  David I imagine
that from the stick I have paid him this I have
paid him whatever it is I don't know I imagine that
things will be like that no And that
when he got angry with him when he got
angry with him then he must have taken it and he
must have put it green with these people and
these people have recorded her So I
think that lasne He is right because he says of
course it is that the one from Troy now Loli
must have told him to slow down a bit because
the climber has dropped that and they don't want that to
come out
Javier well it has just started right now he
is saying that it is a montage The
what the what the what that has just started
right now
who that has just
started right now the
what I don't understand what you have put me out
there but well I have said it tomorrow I will
look for some little time to
connect and to talk with you Okay
and and I will see you we will see you a
kiss a kiss family bye rest